Harness License Agreement
IMPORTANT – PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THIS HARNESS LICENSE AGREEMENT (“AGREEMENT”), WHICH CONSTITUTES A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT AND GOVERNS ALL OF YOUR USE OF ALL THE SOFTWARE WITH WHICH THIS AGREEMENT IS INCLUDED (“SOFTWARE”) THAT IS PROVIDED IN OBJECT CODE FORMAT, SOURCE CODE FORMAT OR ANY OTHER FORMAT.  BY INSTALLING OR USING ANY OF THE ELASTIC SOFTWARE GOVERNED BY THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS, AND THAT YOUR USE OF HARNESS’S PLATFORM OR WEBSITE LOCATED AT HTTPS://HARNESS.IO/ IS GOVERNED BY HARNESS’S TERMS OF USE AVAILABLE AT HTTPS://HARNESS.IO/TERMS-OF-USE/. IN THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICT BETWEEN THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT AND THE HARNESS TERMS OF USE, THE HARNESS TERMS OF USE WILL CONTROL. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, RECEIVE OR USE THE SOFTWARE GOVERNED BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE INSTALLING OR USING THE SOFTWARE ON BEHALF OF A LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE ACTUAL AUTHORITY TO AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF SUCH ENTITY. 
Posted Date: October 24, 2019 
This Agreement is entered into by and between Harness, Inc. (“Harness”) and You, or the legal entity on behalf of whom You are acting (as applicable, “You”).  
1. SOFTWARE LICENSE.
1.1 LICENSE GRANT. Subject to Your compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Harness hereby grants to You at no charge a license to the Software.
1.2 RESTRICTIONS ON USE. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, You shall not (and shall not permit any third party to): (a) sublicense, sell, resell, transfer, assign, distribute, share, lease, rent, make any external commercial use of, outsource, use on a timeshare or service bureau basis, or use in an application service provider or managed service provider environment, or otherwise generate income from the Software; (b) copy the Software onto any public or distributed network, except for an internal and secure cloud computing environment; (c) cause or permit the decompiling, disassembly, or reverse engineering of any portion of the Software, or attempt to discover any source code or underlying algorithms or other operational mechanisms of the Software (except where such restriction is expressly prohibited by law without the possibility of waiver, and then only upon prior written notice to Harness); (d) use any Third Party Software (as defined below) provided with the Software other than with the Software; (e) modify any proprietary rights notices that appear in the Software or components thereof;(f) use any Software in violation of any applicable laws or regulations (including any export laws, restrictions, national security controls and regulations) or outside of the license scope set forth in Section 1.1 (License Grant) ; (g) use the Software for any purpose other than in connection with or to access the Harness platform or application located at https://harness.io/; or (h) use the Software to (1) store, download or transmit infringing, libellous, or otherwise unlawful or tortious material, or malicious code or malware, or (2) engage in phishing, spamming, denial-of-service attacks or other fraudulent or criminal activity, (3) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of third party systems, or the Software or data contained therein, or (4) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Software or Harness’ systems or networks, or (5) perform, or engage any third party to perform, authenticated or unauthenticated penetration testing, vulnerability assessments or other security assessments on the SaaS deployment of the Software. You shall not export or re-export, directly or indirectly, any Software or technical data or any copy, portions or direct product thereof (i) in violation of any applicable laws and regulations, (ii) to any country for which the United States or any other government, or any agency thereof, at the time of export requires an export license or other governmental approval, including Cuba, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Iraq, or Rwanda or any other Group D:1 or E:2 country (or to a national or resident thereof) specified in the then current Supplement No. 1 to part 740 of the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (or any successor supplement or regulations, without first obtaining such license or approval) or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of Denial Orders. You shall, at its own expense, obtain all necessary customs, import, or other governmental authorizations and approvals.
1.3 UNAUTHORIZED USE. You shall notify Harness promptly of any unauthorized use or access of the Software (including unauthorized users or unauthorized disclosure of any password or account), or any other known or suspected breach of security or misuse of the Software. You are responsible for use of the Software (and all other acts or omissions) by its employees, contractors, affiliates or other users that it allows to use or access the Software.
2. CONFIDENTIALITY.
2.1 SCOPE AND RESTRICTIONS. “Confidential Information” means all information of a party (“Disclosing Party”) disclosed to the other party (“Receiving Party”) that is designated in writing or identified as confidential at the time of disclosure or should be reasonably known by the Receiving Party to be confidential due to the nature of the information disclosed and the circumstances surrounding the disclosure. The terms of this Agreement, the terms of the Order Form, the Software, any technical or other documentation relating to the Software, logins, passwords and other access codes and any and all information regarding Harness’ business, products and services are the Confidential Information of Harness. The Receiving Party will: (i) not use the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information for any purpose outside of this Agreement; (ii) not disclose such Confidential Information to any person or entity, other than its affiliates, employees, consultants, agents and professional advisers who have a “need to know” for the Receiving Party to exercise its rights or perform its obligations hereunder, provided that such employees, consultants, and agents are bound by agreements or, in the case of professional advisers, ethical duties respecting such Confidential Information in accordance with the terms of this Section 2; and (iii) use reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of such Confidential Information. If the Receiving Party is required by applicable law or court order to make any disclosure of such Confidential Information, it will first give written notice of such requirement to the Disclosing Party, and, to the extent within its control, permit the Disclosing Party to intervene in any relevant proceedings to protect its interests in its Confidential Information, and provide full cooperation to the Disclosing Party in seeking to obtain such protection. Further, this Section 2 will not apply to information that the Receiving Party can document: (i) was rightfully in its possession or known to it prior to receipt without any restriction on its disclosure; (ii) is or has become public knowledge or publicly available through no fault of the Receiving Party; (iii) is rightfully obtained by the Receiving Party from a third party without breach of any confidentiality obligation; or (iv) is independently developed by employees of the Receiving Party who had no access to such information.
2.2 EQUITABLE RELIEF. The Receiving Party acknowledges that unauthorized disclosure of the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information could cause substantial harm to the Disclosing Party for which damages alone might not be a sufficient remedy and, therefore, that upon any such disclosure by the Receiving Party the Disclosing Party will be entitled to seek appropriate equitable relief in addition to whatever other remedies it might have at law or equity.
3. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. Harness owns and shall retain all proprietary rights, including all copyright, patent, trade secret, trademark and all other intellectual property rights, in and to the Software (and all derivatives, improvements or enhancements thereto). You acknowledges that the rights granted under this Agreement do not provide You with title to or ownership of the Software, in whole or in part.  The Software may only be used and accessed by You as prescribed by the Harness documentation located at http://docs.harness.io/, as may be updated from time to time by Harness (the “Documentation”).
4. TERM AND TERMINATION. The term of this Agreement begins on the date You downloaded, utilize, access or otherwise use the Software and may be terminated for convenience, at any time, for any purpose, by Harness in its sole discretion, without notice.   Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, the initial License Term of the Order Form commences on the Order Form Effective Date (as defined in such Order Form) and continues for the duration of the License Term as expressly specified therein. If either party commits a material breach of this Agreement, and such breach has not been cured within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice thereof, the non-breaching party may terminate this Agreement, except that Harness may immediately terminate this Agreement and/or Your License(s) under Order Form to the Software upon Your breach of Section 1.2 (Restrictions on Use). Either party may also terminate this Agreement upon written notice if the other party suspends payment of its debts or experiences any other insolvency or bankruptcy-type event. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, (i) all rights granted to You shall terminate and You shall destroy any copies of the Software and Documentation within Your possession and control; and (ii) each Receiving Party will return or destroy, at the Disclosing Party’s option, the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information in the Receiving Party’s possession or control. Sections 1.2, 1.3, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7 through 9, will survive any expiration or termination hereof.
5. WARRANTIES.EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION 6, ALL SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS,” AND HARNESS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE WITH RESPECT THERETO, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THE CONTINUOUS, UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, VIRUS-FREE, OR SECURE ACCESS TO OR OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE. HARNESS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY INFORMATION OR DATA ACCESSED OR USED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE. Harness is not responsible for any delays, delivery failures, or any other loss or damage resulting from the transfer of data over communications networks and facilities, including the Internet, and You acknowledges that the Software and Documentation may be subject to limitations, delays and other problems inherent in the use of such communications facilities. The Software is not fault-tolerant and is not designed or intended for use in hazardous environments, including without limitation, in the operation of aircraft or other modes of human mass transportation, nuclear or chemical facilities, life support systems, implantable medical equipment, motor vehicles or weaponry systems, or any other application in which the failure of the Software could lead to death or serious bodily injury of a person, or to severe physical or environmental damage (each, a “High Risk Use”). Harness expressly disclaims any express or implied warranty or representation of fitness for High Risk Use. Harness shall not be liable to You for any loss, damage or harm suffered by You that is directly or indirectly caused by Your unauthorized use of the Software to process Prohibited Data.
6. INDEMNIFICATION.
6.1 INDEMNIFICATION BY YOU. You agree to defend, at its expense, Harness and its affiliates, its suppliers and its resellers against any third party claim to the extent such claim arises from or is made in connection with Your breach of Section 1 (Software License) or Your negligence or willful misconduct, and You shall pay all costs and damages finally awarded against Harness by a court of competent jurisdiction as a result of any such claim.
6.2 INDEMNIFICATION REQUIREMENTS. In connection with any claim for indemnification under this Section 7, the indemnified party must promptly provide the indemnifying party with notice of any claim that the indemnified party believes is within the scope of the obligation to indemnify, provided, however, that the failure to provide such notice shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations under this Section 6, except to the extent that such failure materially prejudices the indemnifying party’s defense of such claim. The indemnified party may, at its own expense, assist in the defense if it so chooses, but the indemnifying party shall control the defense and all negotiations related to the settlement of any such claim. Any such settlement intended to bind either party shall not be final without the other party’s written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; provided, however, that Your consent shall not be required when Harness is the indemnifying party if the settlement involves only the payment of money by Harness.
7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. The limits below will not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
7.1 IN NO EVENT SHALL HARNESS PARTY BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY A) INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF REVENUES OR PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT OR TORT, EVEN IF THE OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR B) DIRECT DAMAGES (WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, MISREPRESENTATIONS, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OTHER TORTS OR OTHERWISE).  THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY.
8. FORCE MAJEURE. Neither party hereto will be liable for defaults or delays due to acts of God, or the public enemy, acts or demands of any government or governmental agency, fires, earthquakes, floods, accidents, or other unforeseeable causes beyond its reasonable control and not due to its fault or negligence.
9. MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, U.S.A. The parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts located in and serving San Francisco, California. Failure by either Party to exercise any of its rights under, or to enforce any provision of, this Agreement will not be deemed a waiver or forfeiture of such rights or ability to enforce such provision. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be amended to achieve as nearly as possible the same economic effect of the original provision and the remainder of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect. This Agreement represents the entire agreement between the parties and supersede any previous or contemporaneous oral or written agreements or communications regarding the subject matter of this Agreement. The Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act (UCITA) does not apply to this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, “including” means “including without limitation.” The rights and remedies of the parties hereunder will be deemed cumulative and not exclusive of any other right or remedy conferred by this Agreement or by law or equity. No joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between the parties as a result of this Agreement or use of the Software. Harness reserves the right to perform its obligations from locations and/or through use of affiliates, contractors and subcontractors, worldwide, provided that Harness will be responsible for such parties. You may not assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of Harness, and any purported assignment in violation of this Section 9 shall be void. Harness may assign, transfer or subcontract this Agreement in whole or in part without Your consent.
